What situation?
Who is this woman?
Does he want to steal a kiss?
There's a good show now.
What is Snow doing?
As you can see.
Ninh Sister Tuyet, today is the wedding of the late president and his wife.
You're here to steal a marriage.
Are you crazy?
I'm not crazy.
I like to try to pursue my happiness.
Is it wrong?
You dare to do it in public, you try it.
Remember you went out and ruined our wedding.
A lot of people are watching you.
Everybody.
Today I officially introduce my fiancé to everyone.
Ninh classmate, you want to rob marriage also have to see this opportunity.
I want to marry a rich family.
Don't think for the rest of your life.
Then we'll see.
My fiancee is...